Tittle

Update atlas packaging scripts to atlas API

Personal details

Lisa Maria Martin

lisamartinova747@gmail.com

Git Hub: LisaMartinova747

896971

Zurich, Switzerland ‎(UTC+2)‎


Code contribution

Please link a pull request, ideally submitted to your chosen project or one of the NIU tools. Applications without a code contribution won't be considered. It must be publicly visible and represent your own work, although you may have help from other developers in the community to further improve it. It must be meaningful code contribution (i.e. not just fixing a minor spelling mistake). While AI tools (such as Copilot etc) can be a very useful, contributions mostly created by AI are unlikely to be useful, and will not be accepted. You can link more than one pull request if desired.

Proposal discussion link

Please link to the pull request where you discussed your project proposal with the community.


Project proposal

Length: max 1 page

Synopsis

Briefly explain: what is the project about? Why is it important? What are the goals? What are the deliverables? How would the open source community benefit from this project?

Implementation timeline

Please include the following information:

A bullet point list with minimal set of deliverables
Additional stretch goals or "if time allows" deliverables (optional)
A detailed weekly timeline: when do you plan to do what?
Please use a week as a minimal unit of time, and include any planned vacations or other commitments.
This timeline could be formatted as a table.
Remember to also include the number of hours per week you plan to work on the GSoC project.
When estimating the required time for a task, keep in mind deliverables should include investigation/research, coding and documentation.
The default schedule for GSoC is 12 weeks - see the GSoC timeline for precise dates.
Also please specify any prep work you plan to do during the "Community bonding period".
Usually week 1's deliverables already include some code. Week 6 marks the mid-term point, where usually more than half of the project should be completed. At the end of week 11 you may want to try to "freeze" the code and complete any remaining tests or documentation in weeks 11 and 12.


Communication plan

Please explain: how do you plan to communicate with your mentor? How often? (e.g., daily or weekly stand-ups, longer meetings..?) What communication channels will you use? (e.g., video calls, Zulip chat...?)


Personal statement

Length: max 0.75 page

Past experience.

Please describe your past experience with programming, open source, or any other experience you deem relevant for the project you are applying for. Any successful open source projects, published work or content of the like should definitely be highlighted.

Motivation: why this project?

Why are you interested in this specific project? What aspects of it motivate you to work on it? How does it link to your personal or professional interests? How do you envision its impact in the open source community?

Match: why you?

Why should we choose you for this project? What unique skills or experiences can you bring to the project and the community? Is there something you have worked on in the past that makes you particularly well-suited for this project?

Availability

Please state if you have any other plans for the work period (school work, another job, planned vacation)? If so, how do you plan to combine them with your GSoC work?

GSoC

Length: max 0.25 page

GSoC experience

What do you expect from the program?

Are you also applying to projects with other organisations in GSoC 2025?

If so, which ones? What would be your preference in case of a tie?
